[bz: when dealing with the mid boss and final boss, remember that they are also moving. 
Remember how the enemies and bullets move and plan on how you would implement such movements.]

0:01 - 	Menu with different features of the game. Music Playing. Lots of aesthetic background
0:03 - 	Picks the replay status and it looks like its a recording of the player's previous runthrough of the game. 
		Shows the difficulty, date, time, and score.
0:10 - 	Change of music. The window shows the actual game on the left and has the difficulty, high score, current score, player's stars, and power on the right.
0:12 - 	Two different enemies spawn on the left canvas - one blue and one red. 
		Player demonstrates movements in different directions. However, the player can't go past bounds.
0:22 - 	An different enemy and start shooting at the player. *still not miniboss
		REG. ENEMY BULLET PATTERN:
			The direction of the bullet goes from the time the enemy shoots and the player's current position. 
			Bullets don't follow the player after the player moves.
			Bullet size and speed aren't the same after every batch.  
0:25 - 	The spawn patterns of the enemies are relatively the same. 
		The first batch from 0:12 to 0:18 spawns in a straight horizontal line.
		Second batch from 0:18 until the miniboss appears shows a J movement. 
		As soon as miniboss appears, the enemies leave the screen.
		Spawn of enemies who dont shoot repeats.
0:48 -	!Miniboss: Enemies fall down straight from the top of the screen and timer starts in 46 seconds. 
		A different sprite comes out and the bullet pattern is different from the previous enemy.
		MINI BOSS BULLET PATTERN:
			1st: Shoots in a fixed cone pattern and shoots out 6 bullets. 
			Each bullet has their own angle and doesn't follow the current position of the player.
			SPEED: faster than regular enemy's bullets 
			2nd: Shoots out smaller balls in a  fixed circle pattern around the miniboss's current position.
			SPEED: faster than miniboss's 1st bullets
			Repeats 1st and 2nd and mixes them up as the miniboss moves.
			
		In the 5-6 second mark of the timer, two regular but bigger size enemies spawn on the miniboss's left and right side. 
		Red and Blue regular enemies spawn from the top to bottom. Has a rain movement.
		
		
1:14: -	The two enemies that spawned by the miniboss starts shooting purple diamond shaped bullets.
		Spawn patterns for the regular enemies same as 0:25
		
1:24 -	Enemies leave.

1:28 -	Cutscene between the player and the boss. 
1:37 -	45 second timer starts. 
		BULLET PATTERN:
			1st: Lasso-like pattern that follows the player's current position. 
				 The red bullets stick together and gets skinnier the closer it gets to the player
				 SPEED: Slow.
			2nd: Circular pattern much like the mini boss's but the the movement isn't fixed.
				 Bullets feel like they move in cirles.
			The Lasso-like pattern gets repeated but in random shapes. It looks like its the same amount of bullets per shape.
			[bz: the Lasso pattern isn't really random. They are targeting the player's position, so their shape is determined by how the player moves.]
			
2:22 -	Another 45 second timer starts. Player games 1110 points. 
		BULLET PATTERN:
			3rd: Much the the the mini boss's 2 pets, boss shoots out diamond shaped bullets around her in a circle. 
				 These bullets rotate and split off into two, creating more bullets. 
				 As soon as the bullets leave the body, the boss moves diagonally. 
				 The pattern are the same the whole time but covers different areas because the boss moves each time.
			Literally repeats 3rd bullet pattern until timer is up.
		
2:47 -	First time the player gets hit. Loses 1 star located to the right of the screen.However, player gets more points.

2:57 -	Player gets hit again. Player grabs the "p"s that came out of the body from the hit and gains yinyang signs on the sides.
		Yin-yang signs give 2 power. 

3:07 -	Another 45 second timer starts. Player's new total is now 1490. Failed to get bonus because player was hit.
		BULLET PATTERN:
			4th. Literally the same as the 2nd bullet pattern
			5th. Similar to the lasso-like pattern BUT there are more bullets and longer and faster shape.
				 Covers way more area than the 1st bullet pattern.
				 In order to see how the shape is made, there is a blurry red circle which creates bullets.
			Repeats 4th and 5th bullet patterns.
			[bz: the lasso is three-way this time. See the Project-Spec pdf for some info too.]
			
3:39 -	Player gets hit again and loses the yinyang signs and power multiplyer. gains more points. 			
3:52 -	Another 45 second timer starts. Player's new total is now 1630. 
		BULLET PATTERN:
			5th: Creates 8 yellow circles. From those 8 yellow circles, yellow lines come out from their radius and starts moving to the edge of the screen.
			6th: From the boss's position, shoots out rapid fast red diamond bullets around her current position. 
			Repeats 5th and 6th
			
4:07: gets hit another time. 

4:41: done.
